---
date: 2019-09-16 6:00pm
---

### Present
- Kyle Cotton (KC)
- Lars Thalian Morstand (LTM)
- Elspeth Smith (FS)
- Dee Yeum (DY)
- Lorenzo Baldini (LB)
- Valentine Dragan (VD)
- Yannik Nelson (YN)
- Patrick Kage (PK)
- Vivek Raja (VR)

## Sponsorship
- Summary:
  - Paid: Microsoft, Google
  - Unpaid: G-Research, Facebook
  - Possible/Interested: HSBC, Modulr
- Target budget: as much as possible

## InfPALS
- Many ideas are already done by other groups within the uni (such as programming club): Python workshop, Interview prep etc
  - ~~**Action**~~: DY will ping Samuel, the head of SigWeb, to talk to VD regarding a web project workshop
- Socials with InfPALS
  - **Action**: LB to consider organising a joint social with InfPals 

## Hack the Burgh
- Generally under budget
- CompSoc to consider funding HTB 
  - **Action**: FS will have a look at HTB budget and to reduce the number of participants accordingly 

## Upcoming event summary
- STMUs -- on track in general
- SIG events
  - **Action**: DY to ask SIGs regarding what they are planning 
- G-Research Coding Challenge
  - On track in general 
  - **Action**: DY to ask G-Research what needs to be done on our end (other than the venue booking)
- GMS Pub Quiz 
  - **Action**: FS to introduce Lorenzo to GMS so he can organise the event
- UKIEPC
  - **Action**: LTM to register and to keep Pavlos, the responsible person for the event, in loop 
- Future event planning - InfBall, Hoppers Ceilidh
  - **Action**: LB to look into InfBall venue booking
  - **Action**: LB to contact Hoppers to show we intend to co-organise Ceilidh on Burns Night 2020
- More social events: Karaoke, Ice skating, screening, pub, games night with GameSoc
  - Start thinking about it but no immediate actions required.

## Publicising events
- List of methods to publicise events:
  - Facebook group chat for each year group
  - Member mailing list and News section on CompSoc website  
  - Google Calendar
  - informatics mailing list where relevant
  - Discord

## Member management 
- **Action**: DY to ask head of EconSoc about how they do the member management
- **Action**: LTH to manage the previous member list to be `associate member`

## Constitutional Amendment
- New position: Graphics designer is to be voted in STMU
- InfBall committee to be voted 
- Associate members
  - **Action**: FS to make a full pull request in the constitution repo
- UnSIG the HackSIG: HackSIG has a different function from other SIGs. The details will be discussed in the next email.

## Merch 
- Hoodies need to be redesigned
  - **Action**: FS to chase up Mo to get the design done before sign-up from members
- Other merch is to be considered after the hoodie, as well as re-ordering some of the merches CompSoc previously ordered.

## Taking Photos in events 
 - Shared responsibility -- no new committee position required
 
## Slack/Discord/IRC/etc bridge
 - No Slack bridge required -- Slack is used only for internal matters 
 - **Action**: Kyle talks to Qais about bridging the rest.
 
## CompSoc Hackathon
 - **Action**: DY will form a Facebook group to share Hackathon information for those in UoE 
 
