---
date: 2019-11-07 6:00pm
---

**Present**:

Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Patrick Kage, Lorenzo Baldini, Samuel Macleod, Lorenzo Baldini, Alexandra Purcarera Elspeth Smith, Rokas Gudaviƒçius, Athiya Deviyai, Ryan Schuller, Yannik Nelson.

**Agenda**:

* Minutes need to be reviewed quickly.
* SIGQuant
	* Some concerns, suggested that they run trial events too see how it goes. Should change name if they become a SIG.
	* We should discourage people from using their own money. Suggest that they use mock trading platforms and run some trial events. 
	* Needs another meeting.
* ScotQuan
	* Fine with dropping payments, want to keep name. Very little expenses. 
* HTB
	* Nothing much new.
	* Lost 1 responsible person but gained 1. 
	* Sponsorship is going well, many companies interested or ready to pay.  
* INFball
	* Venues are expensive, will probably be The Balmoral.
* Potential hackathons to sponsor
	* CreateED hack (EARS)
		* Hardware hackathon. 
	* Hello world hack
		* Was tight for cash last year. 

**Votes**:

* ScotQuant established a new SIG: Unanimous, with 12 votes by a 2/3 of the committee.
