---
date: 2019-04-01 6pm
---
This week's meeting covers the committee handover.

**Present**

Elspeth Smith, Patrick Kage, Rokas Gudavičius, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Lorenzo Baldini, Yannik Nelson, Kyle Cotton, Joao Maio, Samuel Macleod(Not committee), Vivek Raja(Not committee).

**Agenda**:

* Handover.
  * What do we need to do over the summer/ next year.
	* Treasurer, President and Secretary need to focus on sponsor.
* Email transfer.
* Discussion of membership price.
  * £1 a year?
  * £1 for entire undergrad period?
  * Associate membership?
  * Decided to keep as-is.
* Partner pub/bar.
  * Bar 50 has been good for events, but maybe something else?
	* St.Andrews brewing company?
	* A year rep contacts lots of people for potential partnerships.
* Welcome week events.
	* Games night, Pub Crawl/CTF, Arthur's seat climb, Scavenger hunt.
	* Scavenger hunts probably need to be changed to be more interesting.
	* More social games on games night.
* Events throughout the year
	* Local hack day (More hackathons?)
	* CompSoc sponsors Hello World hack?
	* Strengthen relationship with Hoppers.
	* Barbecue, before or after exams?
	  * BBQ time to be set based on exam schedule. On a date when many are done.

**Other**:

* Cupboard has been reorganized.

**Votes**:

* Vote to have membership stay the same passes unanimously.
