---
date: 2019-11-21 5:30pm
---

**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Lorenzo Baldini, Samuel Macleod, Alexandra Purcarea, Elspeth Smith, Ryan Schuller, Tony Duggan, Alan Paul.

**Agenda**:
* ScotQuan
	* Received bylaw from ScotQuan demanded that CompSoc and ScotQuan be independent. The executive committee members had several issues with this.
	* A meeting with ScotQuan has been set up on Monday, where the executive committee will suggest a counter-proposal.
	* A formal definition of a SIG should probably be added to the constitution.  
* HTB
	* Major issue with finding responsible people, however we might have a final responsible person. 
	* The school has doubts whether the IF should even be used for these type of events, and suggest a plan B.
	* New gold sponsor, so increased budget. 
	* Other suggested locations are the EICC, and DHT.
* Suggested Constitution change
	* There is trouble with having 2/3 of the committee show up to meetings.
	* The suggested change is to have the quorum committee defined as having 2/3 of the elected committee members, instead of all committee members. All committee members retain their votes. 
	* Where we are required to have a 2/3 majority in votes, the vote would need a 2/3 majority of the elected committee and a simple majority of all members present.
* SIGs
	* SIGs shouldn't be able to disassociate, perhaps with the exception of the SIG submitting a written request to the committee. 
	* Add cases where CompSoc can take control of a SIG.
