---
date: 2019-10-17 6:00pm
---

**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Patrick Kage, Tony Duggan, Lorenzo Baldini, Samuel Macleod, Qais Patankar, Lorenzo Baldini, Alexandra Purcarera, Yannik Nelson, Elspeth Smith, Ryan Schuller, Rokas Gudaviƒçius.

**Agenda**:
* Welcome new committee members! First year rep and graphic designer.
* Infball committee need drive access.
* Infball this year will probably have less subsidization. 
* Mathsoc and hoppers events are coming along nicely.
* Minutes need to be put on the website properly.
* HTB is coming along nicely, sponsored have been contacted. 
* Goldman Sachs are potential sponsors for CompSoc and HTB.
* Merch needs to move forward. We need to decide how much CompSoc can subsidize.
* G-research payment issue has been resolved.
* Suggestion for website updates: SIGweb reviews code and the committee reviews minutes etc. Everything should be done by pull requests. 
* Palantir event: Hoppers have backed out of the event.
* Trademarks for CompSoc Edinburgh/Hack the Burgh: setup costs, contesting, SigInt (?)

**TODO**: 
* Update constitution on EUSA
* Dee will contact ENUCS about what merch store they use.
* We need to see if we have access to Google resources for the purposes of Google Developer club.
* Get more workshops planned and executed.
* Remember to test commits locally.

**VOTES**:
* Votes to drop the Palantir event: unanimous

