---
date: 2020-07-04 7:00pm
---
 
**Present:**
Alexandra Purcarea, Elspeth Smith, Yannik Nelson, Daniel Kirkman, Ryan Schuller, Rokas Gudavicius, Tudor Finaru, Alessia Ciocanea (guest)

**Agenda**
* Discussing a potential algorithmic trading SIG
* Editing the sponsorship PDF
* Discussing details for the academic pals program
* Making a final decision on donations

**Decisions**
* Alessia introduced her potential SIG, touching on aspects such as the events that they plan to organise, and the kind of relationship that they would wish to have with CompSoc.  She was also keen to learn how CompSoc runs - specifically SIG wise. It would seem like their idea of a trading-related SIG would be quite in line with what we would expect from a SIG, but further discussion is clearly required on many topics. Everyone agreed that we should meet their other team members, too.
* Elspeth asked our opinion on signing up for accountancy software â€“ everyone agreed. 
* Ryan confirmed we can now edit the Sponsorship PDF. Alexandra and Ryan will handle the editing: fonts, new pictures etc. We should aim to send it to potential sponsors by late July. 

**TODO**
* Have another meeting with more members to discuss:
  * Donation response
  * HackJunction event
  * Potential SIG
* For Alexandra and Ryan: finish up sponsorship doc by late July
