---
date: 2020-11-02 7:00pm
---

**Present**
Alexandra Purcarea, Anabel Yong, Ananya Majumdar, Artemis Livingstone, Ryan Schuller, Patrick Kage (SIGWeb), Daniel Kirkman, Lars Thalian Morstad, Rokas Gudavicius

**Agenda**
* CompSoc masks
* Seasonal events
* HTB
* Discord moderation
* Upcoming events

**Discussion and Decisions**
* HTB:
	* update on planning - dates will be around March, fully online, either 24 or 36 hour duration. Hack Productions (HP) have transitioned to a lot of specifically Twitch-based streaming. HP will manage HTB for us
	* The website is in progress, graphics will be from Ryan
	* Merchandise: MLH have a system for distribution
	* Last year CompSoc gave £4500 to HackSig, need to decide on this year's figure soon but will probably be about the same amount
	* Anabel offered to help with finding sponsors
	* Need to recruit judges, mentors, volunteers
	* MLH provide methods for verification of submissions, which can used after preliminary screening eg GitHub dating
	* Main mode of streaming will be bot-ed Discord and Twitch
	* Lars is a terrible roast bot
	* Ananya to help with sponsorship emails and deck
* About 45-50 people attended collaborative event with WiSTEM :D
* Received good feedback for games night
* Discord moderation:
	* The server is growing a lot, this needs to be reflected on the website
	* There was an incident where some members had to be banned, this triggered a complete restructuring of the platform's moderation
	* We need to define a clear protocol
	* There is now a 'quarantine channel' to talk to individuals in question and understand what's happening, conversations in this channel will be one-to-one so as not to 'gang up' on the quarantined
	* This also provides a paper trail
* We are still paying for the old minecraft server
	* Maybe move to a new one?
	* Need to get rid of the old one
* Merchandise:
	* Teespring store, idea of prices for general merch and masks = pay per order
	* Ananya to ask Neil if he has any other ideas for distribution
	* Hoodies ~£20, masks ~£8?
	* Idea for donation: match price of items as donation
	* Need to come  up with a framework for subsidisation
* Events:
	* Saturday games nights
	* AcFam pub quiz
	* Higher lockdown means we need more events to keep people engaged
	* Christmas challenges?
	* People are concerned that their families didn't turn up but we can't do much about that
	* Received good feedback on the artsy challenge
* Donations:
	* There will be a poll on the committee slack, not voting means not being involved in the discussion
	* Final decision will be made in the next meeting
	* Initial installment of £1000, maybe more in the future
