---
date: 2020-01-16 6:30pm
---

**Present**:
Kyle Cotton, Lars Thalian Morstad, Dee Yeum, Lorenzo Baldini, Elspeth Smith, Ryan Schuller, Tony Duggan, Gwion ap Rheinallt, Rokas Gudavicius, Alan Paul, Athiya Deviyani, Kyle Cotton, Patrick Kage, Alexandra Purcărea, Samuel Macleod, Kim Stonehouse.  

**Agenda**:
* Merch and Epay page  
	* Membership cards are ready to go
	* Hoodies are very cheap, and Epay page can be set up easily. 
* SIGint plans/ event rundown
	* Big event is going ahead nicely. Sponsors are acquired. Staff champion and responsible people have been fixed. Everything is going smoothly.
	* Potentially needs some money from CompSoc, but a small amount. 
* Sponsorship closing  
	* Everything is going smoothly. Invoice payment is on track. We will take no more sponsors this year.
* HTB rundown + sponsor issues  
	* Most things are going smoothly.
	* Metaswitch are backing out, potentially a lot less money. There is potential for more sponsors though.
	* HTB money from CompSoc: £1500 per sponsor. Could be more but the budget needs to be looked at. 
	* Applications open soon.
* Upcoming events  
	* Pub Quiz in Revs or another pub, Pear Tree/Counting House etc.
* New SIGs
	* ScotQuan is on track for a short presentation at the next STMU.
* Google Hash Code
	* Alexandra can head this up, Lars will assist.
* InfBall
	* Everything is going smoothly. 
	* Start selling tickets soon.
	* Need to work out budget.
	* Tickets should be about £40.

**TODO**
* Contact Neil about Gordon Aikman rental, and Infball subsidizing. 
* Share posts about HTB, with ads.
* Transfer domain
* Set up meeting
* Talk to SigQuant about trials
* Collect who wants to buy hoodies.
* Put proper invoices/ contracts on the drive.
