---
date: 2021-12-01 5:00pm
---

**Present:** Artemis L., Oscar S., Karthik N., Alexandra P., Yuto T., Paula S., Callum L., Ammir B., Ben M., Ashley R., Mikey A.

**Agenda**
* All1- Welcome Oscar (inform about role in the committee)
* All2- Plan secret Santa and committee dinner : (10th at Paula’s)
* All3- Plan for merchandise 
* All4- Plan events for December
* All5- Anonymous reporting form
* All6- Infball plans
* All7- Gift for Neil

**Discussion & Decisions**
* ToDo1: Post on discord about new VP (Alex)
* Plan #2: Committee dinner (PotLuck) + Secret Santa on 10th at Paula’s Place
* ToDo3: Check graphic designer account (Callum)
* ToDo4: Come up with possible 1st yr events (Ben)
* ToDo4: Find event rooms {Teviot, Informatics Form} (Artemis)
* ToDo5: Finalise anonymous complaint form {Draft after exams} (Alex, Ammir)
* ToDo6: Check plans for infBall (Ashley)
* ToDo7: Gift to Neil {wine or whiskey} (Paula, Ammir)

* ToDo : Possible semester 2 ideas {News letter, Browser/Editor wars, Monthly code golf}
* ToDo : Google STMU clarify if event is in person and/or online (Artemis)
* ToDo : Find a platform to centralise CompSoc passwords (Artemis, Yuto)
