---
date: 2021-01-18 8:00pm
---

**Present:** Alexandra Purcarea, Tudor Finaru, Ryan Schuller, Samuel Macleod, Patrick Kage, Elspeth Smith, Artemis Livingstone, Daniel Kirkman

**Agenda**
* Discuss the introduction of a new EDI representative role in the committee
* HTB updates
* InfBall updates

**Discussion and Decisions**
* The present committee is in favor of making a constitutional amendment that adds a new EDI role to the committee. Should no person run for this position, a designated committee/executive member (TBD) will be assigned as EDI officer. More details should be included in the pull request, such as responsibilities and powers.
* This decision will be voted on by the members at the following AGM, after which we will vote in the EDI representative (or not).
* The application portal is up, the hackathon got approved by MLH - all in all, HTB preparation is going very well.
* InfBall should (clearly) be moved to next year - we will leave it to the next committee to decide what season and date.
