---
date: 2021-02-08 6:00pm
---

*Present:* Samuel, Ryan, Arty, Tudor, Lars, Anabel

**Agenda**
* HTB update
* General discussion

**Discussion and Decisions**
* Arty mentioned Charles Hoskinson – we might be interested in contacting him for a talk next year, apparently he had an event recently and it was very successful. SIGINT will not need any extra money in the near future.
* For HTB things seem to be going fine, and Lars has contingency plans for things that could potentially go wrong. Hrishikesh seems interested in running HTB next year. HTB might need slightly more finance at some point, but the amount wouldn’t be too high at all.
* Samuel pointed out that it would be a good idea to start working on the EUSA annual report.
