---
date: 2021-11-03 5:00pm
---

**Present:** Artemis Livingstone, Ammir Barakat, Bence Szilagyi, Alexandra Purcarea, Paula Sparrow, Callum Leask, Ben McConville, Mikey Andrejczuk, himmelmaus, Rokas Gudavicius, Samuel MacLeod

**Agenda**
* Committee introduction :)
* Discuss committee expenses.
* Organize the next STMU.
* Talk about making an announcement for COVID compliance within AT.
* Move away from EUSA?

**Discussion and Decisions**
* **TODO for Karthik and exec committee:** Look for, or otherwise draft an expenses policy.
* **TODO for Alexandra:** Look into block bookings on the 19th.
* **TODO for Bence:** Get two speakers for the 19th November STMU.
* **TODO for Mikey:** Make the announcement on Discord r.e. leaving AT on time and being COVID-compliant.
* **TODO for committee:** Consider more academic events, such as competitions and panels. Talk to Hoppers about Hash Code (Alex) and in general.
* EUSA discussion (mostly) left for another time.
