---
date: 2021-02-08 6:00pm
---

**Agenda**
* Discussing the last STMU and what to do next
* Talking about the Heriot Watt joint social (plus a summary on the call with them)
* Making a workflow for promoting events that includes several social media platforms
* Flatmate finding proposal for freshers
* Coming up with a CompSoc HTB challenge
* SIGINT update
* HTB update

**Discussion and Decisions**
* The STMUs are generally going well, though viewership isn't ideal. 
* We need to post the events several times before they happen, as well as look for different outlets.
* The workflow will be a pinned message on Slack, written by **Alexandra and Tudor**. It will include Google Calendar, Facebook, Discord and the possibility of emailing members/Neil as well.
* **Alexandra** will start a document for the next committee on advice and responsibilities.
* HTB meeting should be happening soon.
* SIGINT might need around 1K in case there are not enough sponsors for their CTF, PwnEd. That money would be mostly spent on prizes and would match last year's spending. The majority of people voted **in favor** of helping them out financially. 5 out of 8 people voted **in favor** of paying the entire sum if SIGINT does not get another sponsor.
* The flatmate finding scheme would be done either way, but CompSoc can get involved. We want to organize a social event for people to find flatmates by themselves. Neil is likely to help us with such an initiative.
* Committee people should try and join the HTB stream throughout the hackathon.
