---
date: 2021-01-18 8:00pm
---

**Present:** Alexandra Purcarea, Tudor Finaru, Ryan Schuller, Lars Thalian Morstad, Anabel Yong, Samuel Macleod, Patrick Kage

**Agenda**
* Hear about Aden's proposal about creating a Medium publication
* Discuss a potential collaboration with WiSTEM for this semester (as a continuation of the last semester)
* Hear about Ben's and Neil's calls with Alexandra
* HTB updates

**Discussion and Decisions**
* **To do for Alexandra:** talk to Allie about STMU, let Neil know about our decision (and give him relevant contacts)
* **To do for Ananya:** tell us how the donation is going
* CompSoc agrees to creating a Medium publication for CompSoc, so students and staff can publish tech-related articles
* After a fairly long discussion, we have agreed to provide 1,200 GBP for WiSTEM workshops
* The committee agrees to Neil using the website for PhD matching
* HTB registration website is up, everything else going well too
