---
date: 2021-04-05 6:00pm
---

**Present:** Alexandra Purcarea, Tudor Finaru, Yuto Takano, Samuel Macleod, Andi Dicu, Ammir Barakat, Michael Andrejczuk, Paula Sparrow, Callum Leask, Rokas Gudavicius, Ryan Schuller, Karthik Narayanan, Callum Leask, Anabel Yong

**Agenda**
* Discuss handovers and touch base with new committee members.
* Discuss our primary mode of communication.
* Discuss Discord protected channels.

**Discussion and Decisions**
* **TODO for Alexandra:** Create a Discord channel for the committee only. We will have to be careful about bridging relevant channels, such as sig-leaders, when we believe that people might not be able to join Discord.
* **TODO for committee:** Talk about the mental health Discord channel next meeting.
* We have decided to delete protected channels that have not been used in the past month.
* **TODO for committee:** Vote on donation amount once the new treasurer has access to the bank account.
