---
date: 2021-11-17 5:00pm
---

**Present:** Artemis Livingstone, Alexandra Purcarea, Ben McConville, Mikey Andrejczuk, Callum Leask, Ammir Barakat, himmelmaus

**Agenda**
* Update from Alexandra on Hoppers and other events.
* Discussion on recent racist memes and imagery in informatics servers.

**Discussion and Decisions**
* **TODO for year reps:** Advertise the STMU.
* We will have committee members show the way to the TechCube room, as well as print a sign.
* Arty mentioned the possibility of a (paid) liaison position with the School of Informatics in the future. This can be delegated to an executive committee member (president most likely), maybe in the constitution?
* **TODO for Yuto:** Start the migration to GitHub pages/DigitalOcean as soon as possible.
* There have been some recent racist memes shared in the inf2 server, which have not been acted on appropriately by some committee members. Jane Hillston is aware of this situation, but no investigation has been launched. This is a very difficult topic that will not be expressed properly in these minutes. Ammir has concrete proposals as to how to commit to anti-racism as a society, including donations to foundations (some of which were promised last year), including the future SoI EDI representative in meetings, and actively participating in EDI efforts (including STMUs and EDI training for members). 
* **Impact, not intent.** This also extends to jokes about Romanians.
* **TODO for Karthik:** Please show up to meetings! As an executive member you are expected to come every week.
* **TODO for next meeting:** Talk to Bence r.e. memes being shared in the inf2 server.
