---
date: 2022-01-19 5:00pm
---

**Present:** Artemis L., Oscar S., Karthik N., Alexandra P., Paula S., Callum L., Ammir B., Ben M., Mikey A., Ashley R., Kim (InfBall), Lucia (HTB)

**Agenda**
* Pt. 1: Discuss collaboration invites with Hoppers, FemSoc, physics society.
* Pt. 2: Plan events (of all kinds).
* Pt. 3: Get update from HTB.
* Pt. 4: Get update from InfBall.
* Pt. 5: Talk about making Tardis a temporary SIG.

**Discussion & Decisions**
* **TODO1 for Alexandra:** Promote SIGINT event on Facebook. For Hoppers: figure out the date of the event and talk to the school to book a venue (level 6 lab?). For FemSoc: talk about the terminology (women + marginalized genders...) and mention Hoppers to them. For physics: all good!
* **TODO1 for Paula:** Promote SIGINT Pwned on Instagram.
* **Conclusion 2:** Pub night and STMU are coming up.
* **TODO2 for Oscar:** Figure out what to do on the 28th of January at the Dining Room. 
* **TODO2 for Paula:** Talk to CC Blooms regarding a pub night in February to book. Update us on the pub night for January.
* **TODO2 for Arty and Ammir:** Discuss to protected channel to organize LGBT informatics history and think about how to run that.
* **Conclusion 3:** Kim will send finance numbers in order to figure out ticket prices. Tickets should be on sale as soon as possible.
* **TODO3 for Yuto:** Get the Stripe thing going again and set up a ticketing website for InfBall. 
* **TODO3 for Karthik:** Discuss with InfBall and decide on a final amount we can send to InfBall.
* **Conclusion 4:** HTB is doing very well - the location has moved, but there are 5 confirmed sponsors and their budget exceeds the basic operating costs. CompSoc will still provide money for additional perks.
* **TODO4 for Karthik:** Discuss with HTB and decide on a final amount we can send to HTB.
* **TODO4 for Arty and Alexandra:** Discuss the CompSoc HTB challenge.
* **Conclusion 5:** There is an **unanimous vote on Tardis becoming a SIG**.
